---
title: "FAQ"
date: 2026-01-04
draft: false
layout: "single"
indexable: false
---

## Frequently Asked Questions

---

**What is this blog about?**

I share solutions to technical problems that gave me a hard time at a point of time. Most of the topics will be related to Linux, HPC, Devops, MLops, and as expected: AI.

---

**Is AI involved in generating your content?**
Absolutely! most of the codes that helped me solve the problem are generated by AI! However, an important goal of mine is to get better at writing. I keep AI out of explaining and writing the topics.

---

**What if there is something incorrect in a post?**

I kindly ask you to write me an email: mohammadmoein.moradi@gmail.com

---

**How often do you post?**

There is no fixed interval but I post whenever there is something worthy of sharing.

---

**Can I use your code examples?**

Feel free to use any of the materials IN ANY WAY YOU DEEM FIT. In case of making other content from it, I will appreciate a reference to the post or the website.

---

**How can I contact you?**

Email would be the most effective way: mohammadmoein.moradi@gmail.com

---

**Are you open to collaborations?**

Yes. I am interested in solving or talking about problems related to serving AI and the system operations around it. If you have problems related to reliable deployment of AI systems (on cloud, HPC or even on-perm) you can write me an email.
**There will be no costs if you let me write about the problems and solutions in my blog.**
